= git-redmine-commit

git commit with redmine issue id.

With this tool, you can do a git commit with a redmine issue id. The message of the commit is filled with the title of the issue automatically.

== Install

    gem install git-redmine-commit

== Usage

    git-redmine-commit issue_id [options] -- [git-commit options]

Specify the api key and url. You only need to do it once for each repo.
        --redmine-api-key [key]      The api access key to access redmine.
        --redmine-url [url]          URL of your redmine.

        -h, --help                       Displays this help info
        -s, --silent                     commit with default message silently without prompting the message editor

Example:
    git-redmine-commit 3125 -s -- -a

=== Git Alias

    [alias]
        rc = "!sh -c 'git-redmine-commit $1 -s -- -a' -"

=== Message Template

You can put your own mssage template file under $HOME as
    $HOME/.redmine_commit_template

The format of the template file is ERB.

The default template file is like:
    " #<%= issue_id %>:<%= issue_subject %> "

== Copyright

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Robin Lu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
